Step 1: Setting up the environment
From the menu on top of the lab, click the Terminal tab at the top-right of the window shown at number 1 in the given screenshot, and then click New Terminal as shown at number 2.

SN screenshot

Now, write the following command in the terminal to clone the boiler template for this React application and select Enter.

1
git clone https://github.com/ibm-developer-skills-network/content_rating.git

The above command will create a folder, "content_rating" under the "Project" folder, and you can see the structure in the screenshot. This includes the class component named "ContentRating.jsx" and a CSS file named "ContentRating.css.“



Next, you need to go inside the "content_rating" folder in the path of the terminal. For this you need to write the given command in the terminal. This action will set your terminal path to run the React application within the content_rating folder.

1
cd content_rating

To ensure the code you have cloned is working correctly, you need to perform the following steps:

Write the given command in the terminal and hit Enter. This command will install all the necessary packages to execute the application.

1
npm install

Then, perform the following command to run the application, providing you with port number 4173.

1
npm run preview

To view your React application, click the Skills Network icon on the left (refer to number 1). This action will open the SKILLS NETWORK TOOLBOX. Next, click Launch Application (refer to number 2). Enter the port number 4173 in Application Port (refer to number 3) and click arrow pointing out of the right side of a box.

Launch Your Application

The output will display as shown in the given screenshot.
Text Content Rating

You can preserve your latest work on this lab by adding, committing, and pushing it to your GitHub repository. This ensures that even if you're not working on the task continuously, your progress will be saved, allowing you to resume from where you left off. 