Step 2: Setting the initial state
Next open the rating component by navigating to the ContentRating.jsx component located in the Components folder of the src directory in your cloned content_rating folder.

The basic structure of this component will be as shown in the screenshot.

react ss.png

You need to initialize the states for the likes and dislikes count within the constructor of the current component after super() method. Create this.state object and initialize the values of likes and dislikes to 0 for the initial state.

1
2
3
4
 this.state = {
      likes: 0,
      dislikes: 0
    };

Copied!

Wrap Toggled!
You can remove the <h1>Text Content Rating</h1> element and create the div tag with class name content-rating within <>...</> under return of class component with the help of given command.

1
<div className='content-rating'></div>

Copied!

Wrap Toggled!
This div will act as the parent div for other tags. Include given command inside the fragmenets.

Then create a <p> Add text here</p> tag inside div tag with some content related to any topic that users can like or dislike.

1
2
3
4
5
<div className='content-rating'>
    <p>
    //Add text here
    </p>
</div>

Copied!

Wrap Toggled!
Create one more <div> tag with the class name rating-buttons after the paragraph tag inside the parent div tag.

1
2
3
4
5
6
<div className='content-rating'>
    <p>
    //Add text here
    </p>
    <div className='rating-buttons'></div>
</div>

Copied!

Wrap Toggled!
Create two buttons inside the div with class name rating-buttons. One for like and another for dislike. Then, display the values of the variables as text within these buttons, which you have initialized under the this.state object.

1
2
3
4
5
6
7
8
9
10
11
12
13
    <div className='content-rating'>
        <p>
        ---Add text here---
        </p>
        <div className='rating-buttons'>
        <button className="like-button">
            Like ({this.state.likes})
          </button>
          <button className="dislike-button">
            Dislike ({this.state.dislikes})
          </button>
        </div>
    </div>